it's Christmas time it's cold outside
I bought a load of presents that I'm
taking home to hide the parking was hard
and I max my credit card why is
everything so hard Christmas he sit with
family in front of the TV you searching
for sitcom are a really cool movie but
everything you see you've got last year
on DVD there's nothing on the box at
Christmas there's one thing on which you
can rely which filled your head up but
look into the sky it may be sunny maybe
rainbow fall
this havoc on the snow
it's never gonna snow just have a
goddess no actress mas is tavataan a
snow it's never gone
Bogardus now we're Christmas
you walk into the bar you don't get far
it's full of Christmas drinkers and I've
even brought the car I'm serving really
slow and they're all and chase you all
the possible about bad Christmas always
seem to get it stuff that no one needs
especially since my mom discovered TK
Maxx and leaves the prices are low but
everyone knows it's never gonna snow at
Christmas
the clubs are full just like last year
I'm standing in the cold while I'm
drinking my beer I'm staring at the sky
with my fingers crusts hope it's gonna
snow maybe it was snow
think it's gonna snow never gonna stop
think I see the snow
he's never gonna show never comes
the commissar
it's never gonna stop
British math yeah gosh no
it's never
- no
snap god
ah Christmas
snow it's never gonna snow at Christmas